(Episode 4)
Hello?
Are you at home?
Yes.
Do you have someone to look after your daughter?
Yes, I have someone who helps me with my errands.
Okay. Then can we meet now?
Na Ra, have you ever had drinks at a place like this?
Don't pretend to be tough. Drink at your own pace.
Na Ra.
Why did you get married so young?
What do you mean by that?
You were 25 years old. I don't know what gave you...
the courage to give up the job at the big law firm everyone wanted.
Are you asking me if I married him because his family is rich?
I wasn't.
Is that your Achilles heel?
I heard that the most after I got married.
Getting into Seoul National University.
Passing the bar.
All of my efforts were dismissed with my marriage.
If that's the case, what does your marriage...
mean to you?
It's the first decision I made on my own will.
And does your will stem from love?
Trust.
I thought I could...
spend the rest of my life with him.
"Trust"?
I'm pathetic, right?
How could I have trusted a man who cheated on me?
I doubt you meant to choose a guy who was going to cheat on you.
At least not when you were making your decision.
You're here to tell me something, aren't you?
Is it bad news?
I came to tell you that I can't represent Mr. Kang anymore.
I don't think I can do it.
If you can't do it, then where does that leave him?
A number of attorneys, who used to be ministers, can get...
the charge acquitted as long as he pays them well.
You mean he can get away even if he committed the murder.
If he is found not guilty,
no one will know the truth...
except the attorney and the person who did it.
- I guess so. - That frightens me more.
Do you remember the offer I made...
at the party?
It still stands.
If you join me on this trial,
you'll get to find out the truth.
And that choice is entirely yours,
Na Ra.
I asked Na Ra,
and she said you like Americano with two extra shots.
Didn't you withdraw?
I was going to,
but I changed my mind after talking to Na Ra.
It's your turn to decide now.
So? Will you work with me?
I'll take that as an agreement, so promise me something.
You must never lie to me.
Okay.
Okay then. Let's begin with the penthouse.
The detective says...
the two of you went in together that night,
and you left alone an hour later.
What could that mean?
Are you saying Mi Jung didn't leave that night?
Not alive, at least.
Impossible.
What happened that night?
We had a big fight by the Han River.
I couldn't just leave like that.
I took a quick shower and changed.
In Ho.
I left after that.
Well, I assumed Mi Jung would wash up and leave as well.
That makes it a "locked room" murder,
and you are the sole suspect.
Wait. Actually...
Come to think of it,
I had left that bag in the penthouse.
The luggage bag which the body was found in?
Yes. Actually, I'm not the only one who utilizes...
that penthouse.
It was shared among five of us. My three friends...
and Mi Jung.
All five of us have fingerprint access...
into the penthouse.
Which friends?
The victims of a massive car accident just came in.
A request for orthopedic surgery was made...
for a broken hip and a broken femur.
And bed three has a patient with enterorrhexis who needs surgery.
- But what? - I can't find the doctor.
Who's on call today?
Seo Joon Hee,
the son of Seo Chang Jong, the head of Daemyung Hospital.
Shoot. What's his problem?
That delivery punk. I ought to run him over.
It's so cold.
- Hey, you. - What's your problem?
- Take off your helmet. - Are you insane?
Seriously.
- Take it off. - Are you giving me that?
You won't take it off?
Let me hit you just once with this.
Why?
I'm not such a terrible person.
- I'll give you money. - How much will you give me?
Hey, take all of this.
Okay?
You punk.
- Kim Hak Bum... - Don't move.
- of Myungsung Foundation. - Stay still. Punk.
And...
Oh Tae Suk, the CEO of Namo.
Did you wait long?
No, I just got here.
It must be hard.
This is how I am. I grew up having everything,
so I don't know how to console people.
Have you visited In Ho?
Including myself,
Joon Hee and Hak Bum are all too afraid to do so.
We don't know how to face him either.
What about you?
Me too.
I called you to feed you. I assumed you wouldn't be eating.
As you know, Jin Joo only knows...
how to get under people's skin,
so I couldn't really ask her.
Does Jin Joo also know about In Ho?
No. I didn't even tell Hak Bum.
He's too unpredictable.
Thank you.
Not at all. He's like a brother to me.
We need to work together and get In Ho out.
I'm always grateful.
Please eat.
This is the only way to move the body without being caught...
on the elevator camera.
One of her front teeth was broken.
It could be an interference phenomenon.
It means that the front tooth could have been broken before the murder.
You're right.
The owner of a high-end wine bar wouldn't have left that untreated.
That's unlikely.
Thank you. Bye.
I think I beat you to it.
You must've found something.
There are no cameras from the staircase to the garage.
What does that mean? That's how the body was moved.
Thank you. I'll consider it.
It's very difficult to get in.
I had to show them my badge,
appease them, and beg them. It was so hard.
I'm so tired.
Next time, call ahead and ask for cooperation.
What's the point in going in? They won't cooperate.
Ask anything.
I'm a fan.
Thank you.
Has there been a memorable event recently...
involving the penthouse residents?
It was about a week ago.
It was... Just a minute.
Okay. Let me see...
I worked on the third.
So I was having instant noodles for a late lunch.
I heard a noise from the stairway...
as if something was crashing down.
Is someone there?
My apologies.
He was kissing a woman up against the wall.
- Who was? - Mr. Oh.
Are you referring to Mr. Oh Tae Suk, the CEO of Namo?
Yes.
Did you see the woman's face?
Yes, I did.
It's her.
"Her"?
You know, the woman who frequently visits the penthouse.
Are you certain?
There's a big mole on the back of her hand.
Gosh, don't get me started.
She must've drunk too much. I checked again later while on patrol,
and there was vomit all over the staircase.
Hey, Na Ra.
I just had a few questions.
Is there...
a big mole on the back of Yum Mi Jung's hand?
Yes, I believe so.
I remember seeing it at the dinner.
I'm positive. It was pretty big.
Why do you ask?
I need to look into it more,
but if this witness' statement is true,
I think it can prove Mr. Kang's innocence.
Oh, really?
And if you have a photo of Oh Tae Suk, Kim Hak Bum,
and Seo Joon Hee all together, could you send it to me?
How do you know them, Ja Hye?
Right. You saw them at your party.
Okay, I'll send it to you.
Please do.
[VIU Ver] E04 Return "I Erased it"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
(November 4, 1999, "Happy Times")
(National Forensic Service)
What do you want to ask me?
When I read the report,
it said that Yum Mi Jung's time of death...
was between 11pm on November 27 to 2am on the next day.
That's what it said on the report. Is this a definite conclusion?
The detective told me that the food...
found in her stomach matched the dinner she had...
before she disappeared.
I was informed that they finished dinner after 8pm.
So even if the victim suffered from acute gastritis,
she was killed within 4 to 5 hours based on the state of the food.
But she was murdered on the 27th, and her body was found on the 4th.
It means she was found a week after she had been murdered.
Despite all that, her body wasn't decomposed at all.
I already explained this to the detective.
It showed signs of being refrigerated.
It was refrigerated?
The murderer refrigerated the entire body?
Is that possible?
It would be possible if it were somewhere like a hospital?
Or the murderer could have put the body in a massive refrigerator.
Yes. There's a high chance that the woman the security guard...
saw at the penthouse on the third might not be Yum Mi Jung.
Well, it seems like the murderer refrigerated the body.
Hi.
You must look like your daddy.
Pardon?
Na Ra, we meet again.
Put your muscles into good use.
Why don't you help?
How sweet.
Your husband is one lucky man.
He has a wife with great moral values...
and a beautiful face.
I don't think I'm In Ho's type.
You're definitely not my type.
I need to step out.
What? This late?
Don't ask why. Can you go to sleep first?
Wake up. Why are you still sleeping?
Mommy is a sleepyhead.
Come on out now!
Mommy will faint out of happiness when she sees this.
She will faint.
Right?
Let's go, sweetie.
All right.
Are you up now?
Come here. Give me a kiss for sleeping in this morning.
Dal Rae.
I think Mommy is more touched than I thought she'd be.
What happened, In Ho?
I'm not following you.
You can't be here because you were arrested...
on the grounds of Mi Jung's murder.
Did you have a nightmare? Who is Mi Jung?
You're the only woman I know.
You don't know what I went through because I thought it was real.
Don't you ever leave me again.
I won't.
Please don't leave.
I'm not going anywhere.
Don't go.
Come in.
Hi, I'm Choi Ja Hye, who called earlier. We've met before.
Yes, we met at your opening party.
I heard you're representing In Ho.
It's nice to see you again.
I've felt it on that day too, but you look much better in person.
Anyway, why did you want to meet me?
I wanted to ask you to spare some time regarding Mr. Kang's case.
Sure. He's like a brother to me. I'll do anything I can do to help.
I'm so relieved to hear you say that.
I know you're very busy, so I was a bit hesitant.
Please don't be. Why don't you take a seat first?
How is his case going?
I'm doing my best.
That's not enough.
Whatever happens, we must get him out.
I'll make sure that happens regardless of the cost.
Mr. Kang must be so happy to have a loyal friend like you.
How can I be of help to you?
I don't need a lot. I just need you to answer one question.
With whom were you at the penthouse on December 3?
A witness claims you were there with a woman who resembled Ms. Yum.
I know it's impossible.
For your information, the time of death was six days ago.
This is...
difficult to answer. It's private.
But I will answer it if this helps In Ho's case.
I needed a woman to sleep with.
In broad daylight?
My gosh, I'm sorry. Excuse my manners.
I will keep it confidential since this is private.
- Joon Hee, are you busy? - No. What's up?
Earlier today,
In Ho's lawyer came to see me.
- How is he doing? - Anyway, she asked me...
about that day.
Be careful.
I'll tell Hak Bum.
- Hey. - Yes?
Give me my phone.
Why do you keep calling?
Where are you?
I'm getting a massage because I'm tired.
In Ho's lawyer came by this afternoon...
and asked about that day.
- Why? - I don't know. I don't like it.
What about you?
You deleted the video from the dash cam, right?
You didn't do it yet?
I erased it.
Make sure nothing goes wrong, okay?
Darn it.
Seriously.
(Record List)
("Record List", December 3, 2017)
What were you two doing?
1, 2, 3.
Hey. What do we do now?
Should we dig a hole and bury it?
You crazy jerk.
(Delete?)
(Return)
Do you know what those jerks did...
while knowing their parents will protect them?
- This is murder. - We hid a body.
We did it together. Did you forget?
We need to find Seo Joon Hee to prove Kang In Ho's innocence.
I came to the police station to see In Ho right now.
It'll be a pain for everyone if we get involved with Mi Jung.
Mr. Kim? This is an emergency. Get going.
Are you saying you know who killed Mi Jung?
One thing is for certain.
I'll prove In Ho's innocence.